2022.04.08
	-And we're back after a week break! Hope April's been kind to everyone. :)
	4.2BSD was on the horizon, and everyone was hard at work on the interim
	releases 4.1a, 4.1b, and 4.1c. 4.1a brought BBN's (more commonly known as
	Raytheon) TCP/IP in a modified form. >>

	-Most of this work was done by Bill Joy, who worked on tuning the 4.1BSD
	release previously. According to John Gage, Bill Joy created his own TCP/IP
	stack that performed better than the Raytheon/BBN version, and when asked
	how he did it, responded with: >>

	-"It's very simple- you read the protocol and write the code." Raytheon's
	Rob Gurwitz, of course, disputes this. Either way, the TCP/IP stack, heavily
	restructured and created by Joy, remains one of the pinnacles of network
	programming today. >>

	-Along with this came some temporary utilities for remote management and
	access, like 'rwho', 'rcp', 'login', and 'rsh'. They were prototypes, 
	and intended to be replaced later by more "reasonable" implementations,
	thus the 'r' prefix. >>

	-4.1b brought the Berkeley Fast File System, a predecessor to the UFS that
	most BSDs still use and support. This was brought in thanks to the efforts
	of Marshall Kirk McKusick, who is incredibly integral to FreeBSD, and still
	works on FFS/UFS, 40 years later! >>

	-4.1b, in McKusick's words, came from the integration of the Berkeley Fast
	File System with the 4.1a kernel. This release was heavily developmental,
	and only ran on a few machines. They didn't want to release so many big
	changes to the main line just yet. >>

	-As an aside, it was at this time that Joy joined Sun Microsystems, and
	started to split his time between Sun and BSD. While working for Sun, his
	time at BSD was spent polishing his code and refining the Unix kernel
	sources to isolate machine dependencies. >>

	-4.1c was essentially a Release Candidate for 4.2BSD. Bell Labs also
	used it for the 8th Edition of Research Unix, and mt Xinu (say it backwards
	;) ) put out a commercially supported version for the DEC VAX. >>

	-Since 4.1c included the new filesystem and other features, many vendors
	used it to prepare for ports of 4.2BSD on their hardware. With distribution
	starting in 1983, Pauline Schwartz was hired to take over that process. >>

	-Well, that about wraps things up for this week! We hope you liked the
	extended length- we really enjoyed writing it! :) Stay Unix, my friends!
2022.04.15

2022.04.22

2022.04.29
