2022.03.05
	-Happy #Marchintosh2022, everyone! This month, we'll be examining the early
	connections between UNIX, BSD, and Apple's classic/current operating
	systems! This could be a whole weekly segment on its own, so these threads 
	will be a tweet or two longer. :) >>

	-To start, we'll need to backtrack to around 1985, when this guy named Steve
	Jobs was forced out of Apple by someone he hired, which is a whole other
	story for another time. Jobs quickly created NeXT, a software and
	hardware company that would change the world. >>

	-NeXT promptly started working on their operating system, called NeXTSTEP,
	and it was groundbreaking in several ways! It incorporated: a Unix-like OS,
	based on Mach and 4.3BSD-Tahoe and Display PostScript. It was used to
	develop the WWW, Doom, and Doom II! >>

	-It also premiered some very interesting UI features; namely the iconic Dock
	from macOS, the Shelf, a kind of recently-used item storage, full-color
	icons, and its hybrid kernel that macOS still uses, owed to its Mach/BSD
	heritage. :) >>

	-Okily-dokily neighborino- that does it for this first week! We'll see you
	next time for our #Marchintosh2022-themed BSD History! 

2022.03.11
	-We're continuing our #Marchintosh2022 themed segment content! This week
	we're diving into NeXTSTEP's hybrid kernel, which still exists in macOS to
	this day in XNU, the kernel of Darwin, which is the base for macOS. NeXTSTEP
	was, and is, integral to Apple. >>
	
	-Throughout most of its life, NeXTSTEP used 4.3BSD-Tahoe, changing to 4.3BSD-Reno
	for its 3.0 release, and during Rhapsody development, upgraded to 4.4BSD.
	We'll focus on Mach first: developed at Carnegie Mellon by Richard Rashid
	and Avie Tevanian. >>

	-Originally, Mach was developed to support operating system research-
	parallel and distributed computing, specifically. Thanks to these two
	concepts, it became an early example of a microkernel! Microkernels
	are rad, just ask our cousin @DragonFlyBSD. ;) >>

	-Mach was also intended to be drop-in replacement for BSD's kernel, so Mach
	and BSD were close from the start. In fact, in 4.4BSD, Mach's virtual memory
	management system was adopted by the developers at the previously mentioned
	CSRG; it even appears in modern BSDs today! >>

	-Development for Mach started with 4.2BSD, changing to 4.3BSD as Mach became
	more integrated into the system. By 1986, it could run on a DEC VAX,
	followed by an IBM RT PC- a PC based on RISC tech, and then the 68030-based
	Sun Microsystem workstations. >>

	-That'll wrap us for this week, NeXT week we'll be focusing on NeXT as a
	company, and the software and hardware they developed! Take it easy,
	beasties! :)

2022.03.18
	-Hello everyone! We're jumping into our third week of #Marchintosh2022 with
	the hardware and software that NeXT created. We'll start with the
	NeXT Computer, aptly named. Released in 1988, this was the start of NeXT's
	short but incredibly influential run. >>

	-Designed around the Motorola 68030, and clocked at 25MHz, the NeXT Computer
	had quite a bit of power, especially with NeXTSTEP running on it. It had a
	black, cubey design, which inspired the rename to the NeXTcube in later 
	updates. >>

	-As NeXTcube, it received a CPU upgrade to the Motorola 68040, though still
	clocked at 25MHz. A Turbo edition was released with a 33MHz clock speed, and
	was later upgradeable to 40MHz with a Nitro accelerator board. NeXT up is
	the NeXTstation! >>

	-The NeXTstation's performance was roughly equivalent to Apple's Quadra 900,
	with a similar price to a IIsi. The CPU could be clocked at 25MHz, or 33MHz
	if you opted for the Turbo edition. This product only sold around 50,000
	units, surprisingly! >>

	-It also came with a NeXT MegaPixel 17 inch display, a monochrome CRT
	designed by Hartmut Esslinger, creator of the Snow White design language 
	so many old Macs were designed with or around! In fact, Esslinger's firm 
	did most of the NeXT line. >>

	-Looking to the accomplishments NeXT has under its belt, its computers were
	used by CERN's Robert Cailliau to develop the world's first web server, CERN 
	httpd, and web browser, WorldWideWeb. It also was used by id Software for
	their games >>

	-DOOM, DOOM II, and Quake, and the DOOM engine games! Additionally, Steve
	Jobes used a NeXT Computer to make the first online pizza order with
	CyberSlice, a Geographical Information System using GPS. Apparently he likes
	tomato and basil. >>

	-NeXT Computers also had the precursor to an app store- Paget Press from
	Seattle developed the Electronic AppWrapper, a kind of digital storefront
	for NeXT applications. It handled the distribution, installation, and 
	digital rights of its apps.

	-Phew, that's a long one. All that in roughly 11 years, what a legacy. We'll 
	see you next week for our final #Marchintosh2022 segment, covering NeXT's 
	acquisition by Apple, and its rippling influences to modern day macOS! Stay
	UNIX, my friends! 
2022.03.25
	-Howdy beasties! In our last #Marchintosh2022 themed segment, we'll be
	looking at NeXT's integration with Apple, and how its innovations and links
	to BSD and Open Source form the deep roots to Apple today. Let's get to it!
	>>

	-So, the year is 1996. Apple is in a bit of a rough spot- they haven't had
	as much success as they thought they might. Their market share was
	declining, and their OS, Mac Classic OS, was aging. They even considered
	companies like Be, makers of BeOS. >>

	-NeXT, interestingly, was also declining. They had switched to software only
	at this point, and had been focusing mostly on their projects OpenStep and
	WebObjects. Then, on December 20, 1996, Apple Computer, Inc. declared their
	intention to buy NeXT for $400 million USD: >>

	-$50 million to cover NeXT's debts, and $350 million for everything else.
	The deal was finalized on February 9th, 1997, and only a few months later,
	Jobs staged a coup that moved him from consultant to interim CEO. Many NeXT
	employees replaced their Apple counterparts, >>
	
	-so much so, that some joked that NeXT had actually acquired Apple for $-400 
	million! Now, you may be asking, what does this mean for NeXTSTEP? Well,
	Apple promptly went into a four year development period. Using the
	Objective-C language, and >>

	-lots of components from NeXTSTEP, now called OpenStep, they eventually had 
	a prototype name: Rhapsody. Sporting a heavily modified Mach kernel, an OS
	layer based on 4.4BSD, a Blue Box compatibility layer for older Mac
	applications, and a Yellow Box >>

	-API framework inherited from OpenStep, this is what would become Mac OS X.
	Lots of this code was then forked into Darwin, which is mac OS' current
	component base. Darwin, in turn, uses XNU as its kernel, which is a hybrid
	kernel using bits from >>

	-FreeBSD and OSFMK (a commercial version of the Mach hybrid kernel.) This
	combination is pretty potent, underpinning all of Apple's products to date.
	Darwin is released under the Apple Public Source License- the FSF says it's
	a free-software license incompatible with the GPL. >>

	-These tight ties to FreeBSD and Open Source is why you will sometimes hear
	macOS referred to as a FreeBSD derivative. This is half-true; FreeBSD gives
	portions of its codebase to Darwin, but so does OSFMK- the result is
	something different altogether. >>

	-However, macOS is, since version 10.5 "Leopard", is fully POSIX compliant.
	macOS is by definition, UNIX, which is pretty cool! >>

	-That brings us to a close of our #Marchintosh2022 themed BSD History month!
	As an aside, our regular BSD History will now be much longer since y'all
	enjoyed these longer bits so much! I'm so glad that you guys like my writing
	enough to want more of it. <3 >>

	-We'll see you next month, for our new, enlarged segment! Have a good
	weekend!
